I want to use myself for a serum experiment
No, I don't agree.
I have already decided on this matter.
Then we have to wait for Brother Jiang to wake up.
Talk it over with him.
Although the serum we have now developed
But there's a lack of human data.
None of us can guarantee it.
Is the serum really developed successfully?
Only after the test
And there just happen to be two tubes of serum right now
If my experiment is successful
Then can't we choose a mutant?
Isn't the life of the mutant human life?
If the serum has no effect
The mutant in the experiment died
Or extreme side effects
What to do then?
None of us are qualified to decide
The birth of a life
Or die
What's more, he is unconscious
No resistance
Even without judgment
But I can decide whether I live or die.
And I'm ready, and I'm on my way.
Preparation for sacrifice
But making the serum requires your heart
No. And you?
It's up to you from now on
And you know there's no one better suited than me
I'm not here to discuss it with you
If you don't agree, I'll leave now.